OPENNESS
Introduction:
How open are you? Let’s find out!
Score obtained in this trait will tell you if you are a practical person or more of a dreamer. The test will measure your creativity, ability of finding solutions for problems and your relationship with art, poetry and abstract ideas. Do you enjoy philosophical discussion? Are you up for an unexpected trip? 
Find your Openness shelf and share it with friends! 
<Start button>

Results:
Low: You scored low in Openness! You prefer routine more than new challenges. You don’t rely on new, non-tried methods. You are analytical and you try to find the most practical solutions. When faced with a problem, you can decide really quickly. You don’t see value in art or abstract ideas. 
Average: You scored Medium in Openness! When faced with a problem, you are able to find a balance between practical, already tried ideas and ideas outside the box. You have a good imagination. At work, you expect tasks requiring creativity but sometimes you prefer the same routine. You usually try to understand reasons for someone’s behavior and you don’t categorize them as just black or white. 
High: You scored high in Openness! You are always full of ideas! You think outside the box and your curiosity of the word pushes you toward trying new things. You always try to understand what is the reason of someone’s behavior. You can’t stand monotonous routine at work. You desire new challenges and opportunities to use your creativity. You like adventurous things which fills your heart with content.  You admire art and value calm evenings when you can get lost in your thoughts.

CONSCIENTIOUSNESS
Introduction
How conscientious are you? Let’s find out!
Score obtained in this trait will tell you how hard-working you are. The test will measure your ability of sticking to the plan, abiding rules and the effort that you put into tasks. Is it hard for you to start working? Are you making obligations that you haven’t thought through?
Find your conscientiousness shelf and share it with friends! 
<Start button>

Results:
Low: You scored low in Conscientiousness! Usually you work hard to get things done irrespective of whether you want to do it or not. You tend to waste your time and you don’t respect rules. Although, you tend to be more flexible, you often make obligations without thinking it through. Sometimes you don’t complete your work on time and it’s hard for you to complete working in a stressed atmosphere. You always do things at the last moment and usually you don’t have time to check it.
Average: You scored Medium in Conscientiousness! You usually get things done before deadline and sometimes you try to do more than is expected from you. You don’t tend to jump into things without thinking. You usually keep promises and try to follow the rules. It’s usually hard for you to start your work and you finish your work really often just at the last moment.
High: You scored high in Conscientiousness! You are always prepared and you don’t waste your time. You always finish what you have started and you try to do more than is expected from you. You usually finish your work long before deadline and you have time to check everything and refine it. You also don’t leave things undone. You always make obligations after thinking it through and you never make rash decisions. You keep promises and follow all the rules.


